What does red talk material mean?
What do you mean by dying?
Yes, he is dead.
I can't tell you either.
You are me and will create all the evidence.
Where will we meet? This is my wish.
If you haven't sent it out, you have nothing to do with Chang Guo.
So is it possible to get through the problem regularly?
What do you mean by me?
It sounds so ugly.
If I say, without Hua Xing Huan Hui, there is nothing you can do.
Our whole family will die
do you believe it
I understand so much
You tell her
We have always been Jiangze Chamber of Commerce Teruko
Jiangze Chamber of Commerce and Huaxing Chamber of Commerce
Business war failed
We are from the same family
We talked to each other during the face-to-face secret gathering battle.
Qingwan's boy
Now you understand, right?
I'm in front of Huaxing Chamber of Commerce
Not for so many years
Just for today
for now
I want what I lost
Call them all back
I want to revive the wisdom of rivers and mountains